[Autogenerated] All right, let's take a look at parameter store now.
Parameter store is one of my favorite services to use because I
haven't operational in Dev Ops Background.
So parameter management and secrets management is extremely close to my
heart and very important for secure application deployments.
Now systems Manager Parameters Store, like we discuss,
allows us to provide secure, hierarchical storage for our config,
data and secrets so we can store simple strings.
Weaken store passwords.
Really,
anything that could be put into a string or numeric value can
be placed as a parameter in parameter store.
Now there's three different types we have string,
as you can see here we have secure string,
so this is used for passwords and then we have string list and
we'll take a look at all of these here in a second.
So let's just talk about a string parameter first.
Now a string parameter is exactly what it sounds like.
It's a string value that we store is a parameter under a shared key,
so we can see we have Dev database user and then we have
our user one value here at the bottom.
Now, another cool feature is we can look at the history of this parameter.
So if I go in here and I edit this and let's change this to user to,
I save it, I go back in to check it out and I go to history.
We can see the different versions that have been made for this parameter,
so this allows us to quickly identify who's doing what and when it's completed.
Now we can also tag are parameter stores so that we can group it
with our resource groups if needed later on.
So go and go back to overview,
and I actually want to go back to parameter store
and let's look at secure strings.
Now.
Secure strings are exactly what they sound like.
It's a secured string using kms so that plain text value
is actually encrypted and not visible.
So it's important to keep in mind that anyone that's using
these particular parameters need tohave.
The correct I am permissions or kms key grants in order to
decrypt the values so we'll go toe show value here.
But you can see that right now it's hidden.
It's not in plain text or visible in the console, but when I click on show.
You'll see it gives us the value.
And now what just happened is with the click of a button.
We essentially use Kms in the background to decrypt this value
and expose it in the consul as plain text.
And when I click on hide, it's doing the opposite.
It's gonna re encrypt that value and hide it so we can't see it now.
Secure strings have the same history type,
but you can see the difference here is we can decrypt all.
So if I goto overview and I edit this and let's just give this a new value here,
let's just say new password.
I'll click on save changes.
I go back in, we'll show it to make sure it's right and let's go to history.
So now we see our history, which we just looked at before,
but this time we can decrypt.
Also, this is going to run a decrypt command for every version that's visible.
And just like that, we can see our values.
So a strong use case for secure strings are obviously passwords like we're
looking at or even ssh keys that you want to share as key values and
import or any value that matters for compliance.
Now, let's quickly have a quick demo on how we can use these in another service.
So for this one, I went ahead and created a lambda function just for this demo.
So let me go to Lambda.
It's our parameters store Demo Lambda function.
Now, I'm not going to go over the code here,
but I'm importing the boto three client specifically S S M.
And then I'm pulling in a parameter value here and you can see parameter with
our Dev database user value and then I'm just printing it.
So if I execute this and we look at our logs,
you can see user to So that should be what the value
is for this particular parameter.
And it is, Well, let's go ahead and try this with a new parameters.
So let me create a new parameter.
Let's just call it prod password For now,
just to make this easy,
we'll leave the description blank and we'll talk about
the tears here coming up shortly.
I wanted to be a secure string, and instead of the default key,
I want to use a custom kms key so that it's not automatically
able to decrypt the value within Lambda.
When you use the default s S M value,
your Lambda functions can actually automatically
decrypt those values without any grants.
So that's important to remember.
So let me go ahead and load up Kms here,
and I'm going to create a new key just for this.
We'll give it an alias.
Click on Next.
We'll click on next year, and then I'm not going to define any key users.
So I'll click on finish.
And there we go.
So now we have this key.
Let me go back to parameter store, Refresh and let's select this demo.
So let's go ahead and put password in here.
I'll click on Create and then let's just go ahead and
test this out in our land of function.
So if I go back to Lambda, I edit my environment variable here.
Let's save it.
Let's click on test Now you'll see it succeeded.
Well, how is that?
Well, what it's doing here is it's just pulling down the encrypted value.
Now I can swap this here.
If I change this to with decryption equals true,
let's save it and let's try this one more time,
I'll click on test and there you go.
We get a failed result,
and that's because we're not allowed to use the key that we
use to define or create this parameter.
You can see we're not allowed access.
So that's how you can securely configure encrypted values in parameter store.
Now this seems like a good breaking point.
Let's go ahead and in this clip here and then in the continuing clip coming up,
I'll start diving into the last type of parameter,
as well as the different tiers and how the hierarchical storage portion works that we talked about.